Restructure version control chapter and add subchapter on VCS for data (#859)
alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way: book/content/version_control/vcs-personal-stories.md

repositories and recompute my scripts.
This helps me to assess if my results are replicable.
And just as Git, it is a great memory aid for remembering what I did to my data.
It has some cool functions for provenance capture, and I can just check my Git
history to find out from which data a particular figure was created, for example.

**Kirstie**: Cool, so what makes DataLad better suited for what you do than other
tools that version control data?

**Adina**: I personally like DataLad, because on top of the functionality that
Git and `git-annex` provides, it makes linking and reusing modular parts of my
research easy.
When I work on an analysis, I publish the data, the code + results, and the
manuscript as separate, version controlled Git repositories to GitHub.
But these repositories are linked together so that someone who reads my
manuscript could backtrace every step that was undertaken to create this result,
back to the original data.
I can share my analysis on GitHub and can have data, code, and even software
environments all together, to allow others to reproduce my results, and I find
that to be a very powerful feature.

> **Kirstie**: And as a part of the DataLad team, how do you contribute to the s
> oftware?

Author: ```suggestion
**Kirstie**: And as a part of the DataLad team, how do you contribute to the software?
```
